Fname: Filename of the raw data.
BatchID: Index of the experiment in a batch. 
Fidx: Index of the file in an experiment. 
elapsed time: (s).
optical density: a measure of how much a substance absorbs light. It is commonly used in various scientific fields. 
Monitor photo density: the photo density detected on the monitor (A).
stage temperature: the temperature measured on the stage (K).
sample temperature: the temperature measured on the sample (K).
monitor temperature: the temperature measured on the monitor (K).
Type: the type of the carriers (either n or p).
Rxx State: the state of the longitudinal magnetoresistance sweep
Rxy State: the state of the transverse magnetoresistance sweep
sheet resistance: For hall bar sample, the sheet resistance is obtained by measuring two states and eight states of longitudinal magnetoresistance for six-terminal hall bar and four-terminal van der Pauw samples, respectively. (Ohm/sq) 
Hall resistance: Hall resistance (Hall signal) is obtained using numerical lock-in detection (Ohm).
Hall resistivity: When a current is passed through a conductor or semiconductor in the presence of a perpendicular magnetic field, a voltage (Hall voltage) develops in the direction perpendicular to both the current flow and the magnetic field. (Ohm.cm)
conductivity: the conductivity of material (Ohm).
Hall coefficient: Hall coefficient is related to the Hall resistivity and is given by: conductivity/the applied magnetic field. (m^3/C)
sigma square hall coefficient: the square of conductivity times hall coefficient. (S^2m/C)
Hall density: carrier density is defined as the Hall scattering factor devided by the product of Hall coefficient and electron charge(/cm^3)
Hall mobility: carrier mobility measures how quickly carriers (either electrons or holes) can move through a semiconductor material under the influence of an electric field, especially when the movement is affected by an external magnetic field. It can be defined as conductivity times Hall coefficient(cm^2/Vs).
wavelength: the wavelength of the laser. (nm)
